Update readme (#111)
JuliaAudio/PortAudio.jl: README.md

## Opening a stream

> The easiest way to open a source or sink is with the default `PortAudioStream()` constructor, which will open a 2-in, 2-out stream to your system's default device(s). The constructor can also take the input and output channel counts as positional arguments, or a variety of other keyword arguments. If you don't specify latency and sample rate, PortAudio will use device defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to open a source or sink is with the default `PortAudioStream()` constructor, 
which will open a 2-in, 2-out stream to your system's default device(s).
The constructor can also take the input and output channel counts as positional arguments,
or a variety of other keyword arguments.
If named keyword arguments `latency` or `samplerate` are unspecified, then PortAudio will use device defaults.
```
(suggestion)

```julia

> PortAudioStream(inchans=2, outchans=2; eltype=Float32, latency = nothing, samplerate = nothing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PortAudioStream(inchans=2, outchans=2; eltype=Float32, samplerate=48000Hz, latency=0.1, synced=false)
PortAudioStream(inchans=2, outchans=2)
```

If the goal is to show the default behavior, then I don't think we need `eltype=Float32, latency = nothing, samplerate = nothing` do we?
If the goal is to show the options, then isn't it more informative to show the options with useful values like
`samplerate=48000Hz, latency=0.1` ?
Perhaps we need two examples here, one with defaults and one with informative values?
Perhaps I am missing why you wanted to change this example?

Reviewer: Oh gosh, I didn't realize that is why you were updating it.  I like your suggestion of removing Hz and synced, thereby showing the named keyword arguments.

```julia
julia> PortAudio.devices()
14-element Vector{PortAudio.PortAudioDevice}:
 "sof-hda-dsp: - (hw:0,0)" 2→2
 "sof-hda-dsp: - (hw:0,3)" 0→2
 "sof-hda-dsp: - (hw:0,4)" 0→2
 "sof-hda-dsp: - (hw:0,5)" 0→2
 ⋮
 "upmix" 8→8
 "vdownmix" 6→6
 "dmix" 0→2

>  "default" 32→32

Author: And not many of them are that useful...

### Open your built-in microphone and speaker by name
```julia
PortAudioStream("default", "default") do stream
    write(stream, stream)
end
```

### Record 10 seconds of audio and save to an ogg file

```julia
julia> using PortAudio, SampledSignals, LibSndFile, FileIO

> julia> stream = PortAudioStream("default", 2, 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> stream = PortAudioStream("default", 1, 0)
```

FWIW, my iMac (despite its cost) has only a 1-channel microphone.
So I'd vote for a 1 channel example here to aid accessibility, but it's also OK as is...
(I kind of wish there were a "maximum number of channels" default, but another day.)

Reviewer: Oh, I had overlooked the `maximum` option in the docs.  Thanks!
